(This script is not meant to be memorized, just use it as a guide on
your pitch). A successful sale will be one in which the customer feels
great afterwards and confident that he has gotten a great deal. Keep it
as conversational as possible.

About the formatting:

-   Make sure to hit on all the points in bold.

-   Allow the customer to feel, touch the product and make as many
    > questions as possible.

1. Intro
========

Hey, I want to show you a cool service I'm a part of.

(show them the Caddy landing page: https://www.getcaddy.co)

Caddy is the first service of its kind. With Caddy you get access to
lockers **everywhere** that you can use whenever you want for whatever
reason you need, turning NYC into your personal closet. You can track
your stored items through your smartphone and request to have them
**delivered** to you at anytime.

**(Examples, use as appropriate)**

-   **Shopping:** After shopping we free our hands up for fun by putting
    > our bags in a Caddy and going about my day, I get it delivered
    > home after I'm done.

-   **Work:** After work I always used carry my work bags and laptop
    > with me to happy hour and my friends would get mad at me. Now I
    > put them in a Caddy and in the morning I have them sent back home
    > or to the office.

-   **Busy Life**: I go to a lot of events and I always have to lug
    > around things with me. Instead I now get my equipment sent to the
    > nearest Caddy near where I'm going, and it's waiting for me by the
    > time I get there.

-   **Gym/Exercise**: When I go to the gym or especially when I go
    > running, I can now go to my favorite spots, leave my clothes and
    > bags in a Caddy, exercise and then pick them up after I'm done.

2. More info
============

We designed Caddy because we were tired of carrying everything around
with us all the time. We hated that we kept missing out on fun because
we had to go home first to drop off our bags or carry them around
everywhere.

(Omit this part if necessary) We're a Brooklyn based startup, our
co-founders launched a few months ago and have been quietly partnering
with businesses throughout NYC. Our goal is to be on every street corner
of NY.

3. Closing
==========

(The customer should be looking at https://www.getcaddy.co on your phone
and holding the phone in their hands)

We had great success running our first test trial and now we're excited
to expand and welcome a group of excited people into our closed beta.

**We're running a special promotion of 50% off for people who join our
closed beta. It's just \$10/month for unlimited access to locations in
Manhattan and Williamsburg.**

(Our goal is to get them to subscribe but if they're interested in
**buying or using it right now):**

Immediately ask them to subscribe, write their email address somewhere
on paper or your phone and take special note of this unicorn customer.
Tell them you're going to move them up the waitlist because of how
excited they are.

**Getting more information:**

Whether the customer says yes or no, we need to understand why!

**At the end of every interaction ask:**

For my knowledge, could you let me know what you liked or did not like
about this service so that I can work on improving it? It would be
incredibly helpful.

(Take note of all comments, lets learn how we can improve!)

Objections

*I don't think I need this.*

-   Don't worry! It may be hard to imagine the use cases because no
    > service like it exists. (Tell them about use cases).

*I donâ€™t have money on me right now.*

-   No problem! You don't need any money right now, just subscribe and
    > we can send you more information on how to make your life more
    > convenient. You can sign up and pay through the app later.

FAQ
===

*How much is it?*

- We're running a promotion for people who are as excited as we are! You
can join our closed beta for 50% for a limited time. It's only \$10/mo
to turn the city into your closet. (Make it sound like a limited time
offer)

*What makes you different than the competition?*

- We think we're creating a new market, it's hard to say if we even have
competition at this point. You can be a part of making something
completely new.

*How many people have signed up so far?*

- We've been running closed test trials for the last few months of a few
dozen people to build out the best software to make your life as
convenient as possible. We're now trying to quickly expand with our
closed beta of a thousand people.

*Are you guys funded?*

- Right now we are privately funded and trying to run for as long as we
can without taking in larger quantities of VC money. As we rapidly grow
this may change in the future.

*How old is the startup?*

- We launched a few months ago and have been been our product and making
partnerships in secrecy.

*Can you show me the app?*

- After subscribing we'll add you to our beta list and over the next few
weeks we'll send out app invites to our closed beta group.

PRODUCT OVERVIEW
================

Quick Facts

-   Cost: 50% off at \$10/mo, monthly subscription

-   Unlimited use of short-term storage lockers throughout the city

-   Overnight storage available

-   Delivery available from any locker to any other locker

-   All interactions happen through your app

-   Payment through app

-   Website: [*https://www.getcaddy.co*](https://www.getcaddy.co)

-   Twitter: @thecaddy

-   Facebook:
    > [*https://www.facebook.com/thecaddyapp/*](https://www.facebook.com/thecaddyapp/)
