-   People think this is for long-term storage. Which does not resonate
    > with them.

<!-- -->

-   Need to emphasis short-term daily storage, and overnight storage.

    -   A good example: Going to a bar after work with your backpack.

*Andy Z:*

*Hey,*

*So this is basically a way for me to be able to drop off my work crap
if I'm going out, and either pick it up later or have it delivered to
home?*

*I could also use this when running -- take public transit somewhere,
change in a bathroom, leave my stuff in a locker and go.*

*So, unlike most things, I can see the value here. I might even use it
:D*

*Specific comments:*

*I don't understand what a 'caddy' is or what it means to get a free one
with my plan. *

*I'm confused about the subscription pricing, especially as it alludes
to further payments per hour. This seems akin to a quarter-operated
locker at a gym; why am I not paying per use, or per hour per use?*

*I don't think that you should pitch affordability. This is a new thing
that people aren't used to paying for (at least I just carry my crap
around, or leave it at the office overnight), and I don't think that
trying to pitch as affordable is going to resonate. "Affordable,
compared to not spending any money at all?" Also, why would you keep
your prices low? Isn't this primarily going to be for young
professionals who aren't cost conscious? Not homeless or marginally
housed folks who need a place to store things through the day. I'm not
saying that the later isn't valuable, but I suspect that it's not your
target market.*

*I think that the copy in the about page could use tightening, and could
be made more concrete in places. I don't think that you need to
"promise" that locations are everywhere -- people are either going to
buy in and believe you or not, and so just asserting that they're
everywhere (and eventually having a map) will be sufficient. Similarly
on security, saying that you thoroughly vet partners just seems to be
setting you up for trouble. IF you have these secure containers, just
talk about how only you can access them and folks can always see their
location on their phone or something. These are concrete things, while
the "extreme vetting" you're going to perform on neighborhood bodegas
sounds empty.*

*The local first pitch didn't resonate with me at all. This is like
western union, or the fedex pickup locations -- you partner with local
stores, but you're not fundamentally local.*

*I'm also not sure on the "your stuff, anywhere" message, but hey. The
big sell to me at least is not having to deal with or worry about my
stuff in a much wider set of locations and circumstances. *

*Anyway, the message is pretty clear. The best part is definitely the 4
step thing on the front page. I would highlight that narrative.*

*neat stuff!*
